chore(docs): Update documentation links (#472)
inikulin/parse5: docs/version-history.md

> Migrated to GitHub Releases: https://github.com/inikulin/parse5/releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Changelog

See [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/inikulin/parse5/releases) for the changelog.
```

How about a bit more friendly?
